W-13974195 RPA Manager release notes 2023-08/2. (#249)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

[[august-23-2023]]
== August 23, 2023

// == Fixed Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+2]

[%header,cols="6a,1a"]
|===
|Issue Resolution |ID

> | Editing a run configuration in the test phase during the respective process is executing leads to a detailed warning. | W-13644464

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Editing a run configuration for a process in the test phase when the process is executing now shows to a detailed warning. | W-13644464
```

> | Editing a run configuration for a process in the test phase when the process is executing now shows to a detailed warning. | W-13644464

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Editing a run configuration for a process in the test phase when the process is executing now shows a detailed warning. | W-13644464
```

| Saving the configuration of an RPA Bot is now possible only after all data finishes loading. | W-13896999
| The *Benefits* column in *My Backlog* now shows a correct column header. | W-13932862
| The *Session Queues* of an RPA Bot now shows all priority queues. | W-12488822

> | Starting an automation from *My Backlog* no longer leads to an error.  | W-13933409

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Starting an automation from *My Backlog* no longer leads to an error. | W-13933409
```
